# Disclaimer
Except as may be otherwise indicated in specific documents within this repository, you are authorized to view documents within this publication (henceforth collectively referred to as “this repository”), subject to the following:

1. You agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices on every copy you make.
2. Some documents may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information relating to that document. You agree that the Open Credentialing Initiative, its members, and affiliates (henceforth collectively referred to as “OCI”) have not conferred by implication, estoppels or otherwise any license or right under any patent, trademark or copyright (except as expressly provided above) of OCI or of any third party.

**THIS REPOSITORY IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

You are solely responsible for determining the appropriateness of using this repository and assume any risks associated with your use thereof, and OCI does not represent or warrant that the guidelines in this repository are appropriate for your particular company or your particular applications, products or processes. Any OCI publication may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. OCI assumes no responsibility for and disclaims all liability for any errors or omissions in this repository or in other documents which are referred to within or linked to this repository. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.

Several products and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective companies. OCI does not, by promulgating this repository on behalf of the parties involved in the creation of this repository, represent that any methods, products, and/or systems discussed or recommended in this repository do not violate the intellectual property rights of any third party. OCI has not performed a search to determine what intellectual property may be infringed by an implementation of any strategies or suggestions included in this repository. OCI hereby disclaims any liability for any party’s infringement of intellectual property rights that arise as a result of any implementation of strategies or suggestions included in this repository.

This repository may be distributed internationally and may contain references to OCI products, programs and services that have not been announced in your country. These references do not imply that OCI intends to announce such products, programs or services in your country. 

### Limitation of Liability; No Liability for Consequential Damage
In no event shall OCI or anyone else involved in the creation, production, or delivery of this repository be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, loss of goodwill, work stoppage, or other loss of any kind) arising out of the use of or the results of use of or inability to use such documentation, even if OCI has been advised of the possibility of such damages.